Allow both cumulative time limit and time limit per attempt (#1063)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

## <article-A><speedsolving><speedsolving> Article A: Speed Solving

- A1) Speed Solving attempts must abide by the following procedures.
    - A1a) The organization team must apply at least one kind of time limit (time limit per attempt and/or cumulative time limit) to each round.
        - A1a1) The default time limit is 10 minutes for each attempt in a round, though the organization team may announce a higher or lower time limit per attempt. In this case, the limit must be the same for all attempts in a round.

>         - A1a2) For events other than 3x3x3 Fewest Moves and 3x3x3 Multi-Blind, the organization team may define a cumulative time limit. The cumulative time limit must either apply to all attempts in one round (e.g. 3 attempts with a cumulative time limit of 20 minutes), or to all attempts in a combination of rounds for different events. In this case, the time limit for a particular attempt is the lowest time limit of the announced time limit for the attempt and the cumulative time limit minus the total time in other attempts counting towards the time limit so far (see [Regulation A1a5](regulations:regulation:A1a5)). If a round has an applicable cumulative time limit, it must have at most one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - A1a2) For events other than 3x3x3 Fewest Moves and 3x3x3 Multi-Blind, the organization team may define a cumulative time limit. The cumulative time limit must either apply to all attempts in one round (e.g. 3 attempts with a cumulative time limit of 20 minutes), or to all attempts in a combination of rounds for different events. In this case, the time limit for a particular attempt is the the time limit or the cumulative time limit minus the total time in other attempts counting towards the time limit so far (see [Regulation A1a5](regulations:regulation:A1a5)), whichever is lower. If a round has an applicable cumulative time limit, it must have at most one.
```
